Vincent Leone
Senior Design 
Self-Assessment

	My individual contributions for this project come in the form of creating presentation materials, such as the poster and the presentation, assisting with the development process (mycalendarentry and homepage), attending and planning meetings with our advisor, creating data flow and design diagrams, designing wireframes, creating the user manual, creating the test plan, defining project constraints, testing the project, and presenting with a demo of the product. I learned a lot from the fall, especially about the language Dart, how our product needed to be marketed, diagram designing, presentation skills, defining future developments, and working in a development-based project. I learned a lot about programming in Dart as well as UI and web development. I had no prior experience with this, and it was a great learning opportunity to expand my skillset. 

I also learned more about team building, group organization, and communication. We ended up having a successful and working product for the Expo, and the judges we presented to seemed very interested in what we had to offer, and I would have to say presenting a quality project was our greatest success. A road bump we encountered was that as we learned more about Dart, we soon realized that the way our application was built was not the best design and it ended up causing issues, e.g., auto calendar refresh. In the future, we would use what we’ve learned and redesign the application with that in mind. Another issue was running out of time for all the features we wanted to add. With more time we would add Android/IOS support, an improved discussion board, a more fleshed out to-do list, etc., to make this product more marketable. 

	Overall, our group made a well-functioning class organization tool that caught the attention and interest of many professors here at UC. The application currently lets you create, join, and drop classes, update topics for individual class times, message with other classmates, view class and professor information, and create class events. We learned that communication, planning, frequent meetings, and having an organized workspace (GitHub) was the best key to success as a group. Delegating tasks and understanding each other’s strengths helped us immensely. We were successful in most these areas, but one aspect we were not successful was with organization of our GitHub as well as setting goals that may have been a bit ambitious given our deadline. 

My contributions aligned fairly with what was expected of me with this project. I feel like my contributions to the team were fair, but Gabe really hit it out of the park with this project. Gabe became an expert with Dart and was a great asset to our product. He solved many problems that we had and offered great resources and his own time to help me learn.


